Add acceptance test and documentation for helm release and feature (#262)
vmware/terraform-provider-tanzu-mission-control: docs/resources/helm_release.md

---
Title: "Helm Release Resource"
Description: |-
    Creating the Helm Release resource.
---

# Helm Release

The `tanzu-mission-control_helm_release` resource allows you to install, update, get and delete helm chart to a particular scope through Tanzu Mission Control.

Before creating helm charts user needs to enable the helm service on a particular scope cluster or cluster group and for enable user can use `tanzu-mission-control_helm_feature` resource.

> there is one field `feature_ref` in `tanzu-mission-control_helm_release` which user can use for clean up purpose of the resources when they wanted to disable the hepl service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The`feature_ref` field of `tanzu-mission-control_helm_release` when specified, ensures clean up of this Terraform resource from the state file by creating a dependency on the Helm feature when the Helm feature is disabled.
```

Author: Updated PTAL

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (List of Object) status for package install. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `cluster` (Block List, Max: 1) The schema for cluster full name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--cluster))
- `cluster_group` (Block List, Max: 1) The schema for cluster group full name (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--cluster_group))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cluster`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of this cluster

Optional:

- `management_cluster_name` (String) Name of the management cluster
- `provisioner_name` (String) Provisioner of the cluster

<a id="nestedblock--scope--cluster_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.cluster_group`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the cluster group

<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `chart_ref` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Reference to the chart which will be installed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--chart_ref))

Optional:

> - `inline_config` (String) Inline values in yaml format.

Author: Updated PTAL

- `interval` (String) Interval at which to reconcile the Helm release. This is the interval at which Tanzu Mission Control will attempt to reconcile changes in the helm release to the cluster. A sync interval of 0 would result in no future syncs. If no value is entered, a default interval of 5 minutes will be applied as `5m`.

> - `target_namespace` (String) Name of target namespace.

Author: Updated PTAL

<a id="nestedblock--spec--chart_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.chart_ref`

Optional:

- `git_repository` (Block List, Max: 1) Git repository type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--chart_ref--git_repository))
- `helm_repository` (Block List, Max: 1) Helm repository type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--chart_ref--helm_repository))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--chart_ref--git_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.chart_ref.git_repository`

Required:

- `chart_path` (String) Path of the chart in the git repository.

> - `repository_name` (String) Repository name.

Author: Updated PTAL

> - `repository_namespace` (String) Repository namespace.

Author: no It's not the branch

<a id="nestedblock--spec--chart_ref--helm_repository"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.chart_ref.helm_repository`

Required:

- `chart_name` (String) Name of the chart in the helm repository.
- `repository_name` (String) Repository name.

> - `repository_namespace` (String) Repository namespace.

Author: Updated PTAL

- `version` (String) Chart version, applicable for helm repository type.

<a id="nestedblock--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations for the resource
- `description` (String) Description of the resource
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for the resource

Read-Only:

- `resource_version` (String) Resource version of the resource
- `uid` (String) UID of the resource

<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `generated_resources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--generated_resources))

> - `phase` (String)

Author: Updated PTAL

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--generated_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.generated_resources`

Read-Only:

- `cluster_role_name` (String)
- `role_binding_name` (String)

> - `service_account_name` (String)

Author: Updated PTAL
